Gaza where the Israeli military
continues to move its forces further
into the Central and western parts of
Rafa after plunging the city into total
darkness overnight Israeli forces have
seized more of that border area there
with Egypt known as the Philadelphia
Corridor now that area is about 14 km in
length it's meant to be a demilitarized
buffer zone running along the Gaza Egypt
border this all comes as Israeli strikes
targeted various areas in Rafa overnight
as well as in the early hours of
Wednesday nearly all the hospitals there
are now out of service let's get the
latest from the ground and speak to
Honey Mahmud he joins me now from darl
Bala in central Gaza honey as we've been
reporting more Israeli movements in and
around Rafa in the last day or so talk
us through exactly what you're
hearing yes well for the past 20 days
the Israeli military has been pushing
its occupying forces at the center of
rafah City all the way to the western
part that's the EV evacuation Zone where
literally we're looking at thousand of
displaced Palestinians who have nowhere
else to go we're looking at there's no
safe zone no safe place to go to but
also there's no esape away from the
genocidal acts taking place in Rafa City
right now particularly the past three
days have been quite difficult we're
seeing an exponential increase and surge
in the attacks that are carried out by
the Israeli military supported by the
occupying forces that are now the their
artillery Shilling and the tank sh are
reaching as far as the vicinity of the
Kuwaiti hospital that's at the center of
the city and also along the remaining
part of the Philadelphia Corridor to the
southern part of the strip between the
rafah and Egypt uh borders and what
seems to be the Israeli military is
pushing deeper and soon enough uh from
the judging from the patterns of the
attacks and the bombing soon enough this
operation is not going to be limited is
in fact quite unlimited right now and we
are days away from the Israeli military
taking over the entire uh city of raah
and of course that has a a negative
implications on the ground not only
we've been seeing this a rapid Mass
killing of civilians inside evacuation
Zone like the past two days where an
attack on the Northern Western uh part
of the city at least 45 people were
killed including children and women the
scenes of the decapitated children and
the uh the the shredded babies as well
inside the tents and the women who were
taken into hospitals in the area also
within the past 12 hours another attack
very close to the EV the first one also
it's a 10th site where 21 people were
also killed and if we look at the same
exact pattern of casualties women and
children making the vast majority of
casualties of these deliberate attacks
on areas that have been designated as
safe Zone by the Israeli militaries
people in the area are living with
shattered sense of Safety and Security
right now they're pushed into further
enforce displacement not only to uh the
evacuation Zone but elsewhere in the
western KH units the remaining part of
Amasi as well as the central area that
is becoming overcrowded right now Hy as
you say so many of these attacks are
taking place in areas that people were
told were safe so what is the situation
right now for civilians particularly in
the South given that all the hospitals
are now
closed quite dire situation created by
this intense bombing campaign we're in
fact looking at an an a crisis that is
above emergency not only people are
being herded from one place to another
by the quadcopters by the intense
bombing campaign moved into areas that
are supposed to be safe but they're not
safe but the infrastructure the
facilities that are supposed to be there
to support people people are pushed to
the point of of offering no Services
whatsoever and by that I mean the health
facilities that are quite vital right
now at these difficult conditions the
vast majority of these Hospital nearly
all of them with the exception of one
maternity health facility a small one in
western part of RA City and soon enough
given the insufficient medical staff as
well as the shortage of medical supplies
this maternity health facility is going
to close down all the field hospitals
were forced to shut down and and and
shut services and moved all the way to
Khan Unis in in different locations they
were forced to relocate and start field
hospitals in different places the two uh
official public Hospital the kuti
hospital and the Nar hospital they were
forced to be out of service given the
intensity of the the bombing campaign
and the the all of their almost the
their their vehicle the ambulance the
the the inability to get medical supply
to these facilities uh it become un safe
situations for everyone including the
injuries and the patients inside these
two facilities are forced to relocate uh
elsewhere in western part of kanun city
and again we're looking at the maasi
evacuation Zone and it's not it hasn't
been largely safe we seen the patterns
of attacks on these zones and which
confirm quite consistent with what
people have described that there is no
safe Zone in a war zone Hy Mahmud
they're reporting for us from the ground
today from darl Bala in central Gaza
thank you
honey make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler